Web Update 1 - Style (#472)
projectdissolve/dissolve: web/content/packages.md

{{% blocks/feature icon="fab fa-linux" title="Linux" %}}
{{< releaselink target="GUI" urlSuffix="-x86_64.AppImage" textSuffix="AppImage" >}}
{{% /blocks/feature %}}

{{% blocks/feature icon=" fab fa-apple" title="Mac OS" %}}
{{< releaselink target="GUI" urlSuffix="-Catalina.dmg" textSuffix="Catalina DMG" >}}
{{% /blocks/feature %}}

{{% blocks/feature icon="fab fa-windows" title="Windows" %}}
{{< releaselink target="GUI" urlSuffix="-Win64.exe" textSuffix="Installer" >}}
{{< releaselink target="GUI" urlSuffix="-Win64.zip" textSuffix="Zip Archive" >}}
{{% /blocks/feature %}}

{{% blocks/feature icon="fa fa-archive" title="Example Data" %}}
{{< releaselink target="examples" urlSuffix=".tar.gz" textSuffix="GZipped Tarball" >}}
{{< releaselink target="examples" urlSuffix=".zip" textSuffix="Zip Archive" >}}
{{% /blocks/feature %}}

{{< /blocks/section >}}

{{< blocks/section color="primary" >}}
{{< /blocks/section >}}

</a>

<a name="development">

{{< blocks/section color="secondary" >}}
<div class="mx-auto">
<h2>Development Version {{< continuousversion >}}</h2>
</div>
{{< /blocks/section >}}

{{< blocks/section color="secondary" >}}

<div class="mx-auto">

> <p>These packages are built dynamically from the <a href="https://github.com/projectdissolve/dissolve">development branch</a> and as such contain the most up-to-date functionality, but may also contain bugs and other undocumented features. If you use these versions and discover a bug, please consider supporting the project and <a href="https://github.com/projectdissolve/dissolve/issues/new/choose">submitting an issue</a> to highlight it. Please include the unique hash value of the version you were using in your report.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>These packages are built dynamically from the <a href="https://github.com/projectdissolve/dissolve">development branch</a> and as such contain the most up-to-date functionality, but may also contain bugs and other undocumented features. If you use these versions and discover a bug, please <a href="https://github.com/projectdissolve/dissolve/issues/new/choose">submit an issue</a> to highlight it. Please include the unique hash value of the version you were using in your report.</p>
```

"supporting the project" reads like wanting financial support to me.
